# Meeting 2021-10-04

Estimated start time: 14:00

Duration (projected): 2 hours

## Topics

1. Branch 'static-npc' future. Should it be merged and when?
2. WokePlugin tasks to be done this week (until sunday or wednesday);
3. Assignment allocation;
4. Weekly report review;
5. Branch 'doc-rev' review.

## Notes

1. The future of `static-npc` is planned to have final commit on 2021-10-04 which should fix the 
    `onInteract` method, then the branch should be reviewed for any issues and if none exist,
    merged into the dev branch (and deleted afterwards).

2. This weeks prioritised tasks:
    - [onInteract](https://git.mif.vu.lt/paskui/paskui-projektas/-/issues/12) bug fix;
    - `static-npc` merge into `dev` branch;
    - Event system rework;
    - Analasys report completion and submission;
    - Slight adjustments to documentation in `doc-rev`.

3. Allocations:
    - Emilijus & Robertas will work on bug fixes (static-npc)
        and documentaion revision (`doc-rev`);
    - Nazar & Patrik mostly work on 'Analysis Report' for wednesday sumbission.

4. Weekly report reviewed, minor mistakes were fixed and sent for submission.

> **NOTE:** This is a PSI lecture task.

5. Branch `doc-rev` will reviewed after the meeting individually and comments will sent through
    accepted channels of communication.
